==========================
 PKGSRC TINDERBOX PROJECT
==========================

The purpose of this project is to adapt FreeBSD's package building system
"Tinderbox" to function under pkgsrc.  As I see it, there are three main
platforms when it comes to pkgsrc: NetBSD, DragonFlyBSD, and OpenIndiana.
There are likely some smaller Linux distros that use it as a primary package
system as well.

I don't think the Bulkbuild utility within pkgsrc serves the same purpose as
Tinderbox, and frankly I'm a bit shocked that nobody has seriously tried to
port it yet.

We could take the approach to try to modularize Tinderbox such that it has
platform-specific configuration files and to feed the patches back upstream. 
A lot of pkgsrc using platforms will have the same updates, but I suspect
there are more than a few platform-specific changes.  I'd like to get a
working patchset before potentially approaching Joe Marcus Clarke to
considering expanding official support to other platforms.

The approach will be to track release versions of FreeBSD Tinderbox and
maintain a set of platform-specific files which can be used to generate
patches.  At this time, I don't intend to have one Tinderbox package support
multiple platforms, which is normal way pkgsrc works.  I'm primarily a
DragonFly BSD developer, so I'm going to develop
pkgtools/tinderbox-dragonfly.  The package will filter out any platform that
is not *-dragonfly*.

If somebody gets enthusiastic about this project, additional ports such as
pkgtools/tinderbox-netbsd and pkgtools/tinderbox-illumos could be created,
one for each platform-specific Tinderbox.

links:
http://tinderbox.marcuscom.com
http://www.marcuscom.com:8080/cgi-bin/cvsweb.cgi/portstools/tinderbox/
http://www.netbsd.org/docs/software/packages.html


John Marino
